# Bessel_DMD
Software for the Paper in Software Impacts

  We provide numerical software based on the MATLAB programming language to study the Bessel-like beams generated by special instruments such as DMD to compare with other methods. The calculations are based on the scalar Fresnel-Kirchhoff integration, which is within the scope of Fourier Optics. This analysis is particularly important because the addition of higher-order Bessel terms may produce additional unexpected experimental results in some applications. We emphasize the seldom-mentioned imaging characteristic on the lens, where the central point is shifted, and provide important theoretical derivation to understand the expression of the Bessel-like function obtained in this way. In this Matlab code, we list all parameters for calculation. The researcher can change all paramters according to their need. These main paramters as well as their roles are listed in the following:


nxmax=769;                 // The number of the DMD mirror matrix in x-axis

nymax=769;                 // The number of the DMD mirror matrix in y-axis

Radius1=39.00;             // The inner radius of the smaller annular slit

Radius2=41.00;             // The outer radius of the smaller annular slit

Radius3=49.00;             // The inner radius of the larger annular slit

Radius4=51.00;             // The outer radius of the larger annular slit

Lens_Radius=0.02540/2.0;   // The radius of the focal lens

dx=(13.68e-6);             // The grid size of the calculation matrix in the x-axis in the lens plane

dy=(13.68e-6);             // The grid size of the calculation matrix in the y-axis in the lens plane

d=13.68;                   // The distance bwteen two micro-mirrors

size=12.68e-6;             // The length of one edge for each micro-mirror

Lambda=0.635e-6;           // The wavelength of the used light

initial_freq=4.65517;      // The initial frequency of the used frquency range in calculations

final_freq=4.65517;        // The final frequency of the used frequency range in calculations

freq_interval=0.01;        // The frequency interval of the used frequency range in calculations 

Lattice_Lambda=13.68e-6;   // The lattice constant of the micro-mirrors on DMD

tilted_angle=12*pi/180;    // The tilted angle of each micro-mirror on DMD

incident_angle=pi/7.50;    // The incident angle of light respect to the normal direction

focal_length=2.50e-1;      // The focal length of the Lens


  After finishing calculations, thsi Matlab code will plot four figures automatically. The first figure shows colorfully the light intensity distribution in the Lens plane, the second one shows colorfully the light intensity distribution in the focal plane, the third figure shows the light intensity curve along the y-axis passing through the center of lens, and the fourth one shows the light intensity along the y-axis passing theorigh the origin of the focal plane. Furthermore, Id.mat, Intensity.mat , and Amplitude_Lens.mat are restored automatically.
  



  
